#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.14.1
    # via optuna
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
asteroid-filterbanks==0.4.0
    # via pyannote-audio
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
einops==0.8.0
    # via pyannote-audio
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   torch
fonttools==4.55.5
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via streamlit
huggingface-hub==0.27.1
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
hyperpyyaml==1.2.2
    # via speechbrain
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
julius==0.2.7
    # via torch-audiomentations
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lightning==2.5.0.post0
    # via pyannote-audio
lightning-utilities==0.11.9
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
mako==1.3.8
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via pyannote-metrics
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
narwhals==1.23.0
    # via altair
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==2.2.2
    # via
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pydeck
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soundfile
    #   speechbrain
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via pyannote-audio
optuna==4.2.0
    # via pyannote-pipeline
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   speechbrain
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   streamlit
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
primepy==1.3
    # via torch-pitch-shift
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboardx
pyannote-audio==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyannote-core==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-database==5.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-metrics==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-audio
pyannote-pipeline==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-audio
pyarrow==19.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pydub==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytorch-lightning==2.5.0.post0
    # via lightning
pytorch-metric-learning==2.8.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperpyyaml
    #   lightning
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
referencing==0.36.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   streamlit
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via hyperpyyaml
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
scipy==1.15.1
    # via
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
semver==3.0.2
    # via pyannote-audio
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via speechbrain
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via pyannote-core
soundfile==0.13.0
    # via pyannote-audio
speechbrain==1.0.2
    # via pyannote-audio
sqlalchemy==2.0.37
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
streamlit==1.41.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via pyannote-metrics
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via streamlit
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via pyannote-audio
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   julius
    #   lightning
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
torch-audiomentations==0.12.0
    # via pyannote-audio
torch-pitch-shift==1.2.5
    # via torch-audiomentations
torchaudio==2.5.1
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
torchmetrics==1.6.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
tornado==6.4.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   optuna
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
typer==0.15.1
    # via pyannote-database
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typer
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
